having one of these may keep you young
and healthy what's up guys i'm john
basedow and this is buzz60 george
clooney ben affleck and new Jackman may
be on to something according to a study
from the University of Southern
Queensland beards are more than just a
fashion statement they may be the
Fountain of Youth first a fuzzy face
provides great protection against the
premature aging of sun damage and also
skin cancer researchers found facial
areas covered by beards and mustaches
had on average a third less exposure to
harmful UV rays compared with hair free
areas fun fact they did this research in
the outback sun with mannequins and
stick on beards using a clean-shaven
mannequin for comparison additionally
facial hair traps moisture keeping skin
better hydrated and protecting it from
wind and health-wise according to
medical experts beards or pollen traps
that might help prevent asthma attacks
based on this research I'm thinking
Joaquin Phoenix has to be the healthiest
youngest looking dude around buzz60 now
you know pass it on
hey i just seen and you are watching the
new wanted to with john basedow get
chunks that's my girl right there and
what's up scooter i hope you enjoyed
that story i just did with our buddies
at buzz60 as usual make sure to follow
them on twitter and also subscribe to
their YouTube channel now some of your
comments are popping up around me
hopefully that's going to inspire you to
answer the common question of the day
down below and in a little bit of stew
crew news I am appearing at the dogs for
the Deaf benefit awesome awesome cause
there'll be a link right in the underbar
I'll how I put it on screen too please
go support them they are rescuing dogs
helping people changing lives doing all
sorts of good good things a lot of
celebrity is going to be there so if you
join me it'll be a good old time think
of it like new medias to live but
actually live it in person and you're
helping dogs so anyway until then guys
make sure to also watch me meatiest you
live on mondays at 8pm right from the
YouTube studios here in New York much
love and respect hey guys stealing grace
here telling you to subscribe to john
basedow channel did you do it yet did
you do it
haha